doc/development.md, before:

# Development notes

When contributing, please make sure to follow these rules:
 * Every commit should compile on its own and all unit tests should pass.
 * The examples should also compile for every commit.
 * Keep clippy happy.
 * Keep rustfmt happy.
 * Make sure all references inside the documentation are valid (at least when
   all features are active).
 * Warnings about unused items are explicitly allowed if those items are used in
   the near future.
 * Comments should be restricted to the first 80 characters of a line.
 * Do not depend on public re-exports from other modules (of the crate). Import
   items directly.

## Testing

Unit tests are run via `cargo test`. There are currently no integration tests,
i.e. the toplevel `tests` directory does not exist.

Aside from that, end-to-end tests may be performed using the `simple` example.
The following describes how to test against the reference flow from the
specification repository https://github.com/riscv-non-isa/riscv-trace-spec/.

We assume that the repository is already cloned and the instructions for
instruction trace testing in `referenceFlow/README` were followed. Those result
in the presence of a regression directory, e.g. `regression_20250425_190845`
containing a directory `spike` and one or more test suite specific directories
such as `itype3_basic`. Some commands below will assume that those directories'
paths are held in the shell variables `${spike}` and `${suite}`.

The suite directory contains "static" encoder/decoder configuration in an INI
format. That configuration needs to be converted into a TOML format understood
by the "simple" example. This can be done by simply stripping some elements:

```sh
egrep -v '^[#[]' "${suite}/hardware_32.scf" > params_32.toml
```

The programs used for tests reside in `referenceFlow/tests/test_files`. Each
file with the extension `.riscv` or `.pk` are ELF files and correspond to one
test. As this library currently only supports RV32I, we need to determine
whether an ELF file is 32bit or 64bit, e.g. using the `file` utility.

Having selected an ELF file `${elf}`, we can determine the raw trace file and
reference spike trace from the ELF's basename. The "simple" example can then
perform tracing and compare its trace against the reference:

```sh
test_name=`basename -s.riscv ${elf}`
trace_file=${suite}/${test_name}.te_inst_raw
spike_trace=${spike}/${test_name}.spike_pc_trace
cargo run --example simple --all-features -- "${elf}" "${trace_file}" params_32.toml "${spike_trace}"
```

If a missmatch is found or an error occurred while tracing, the example
will abort.

Commit message:

doc: update development.md to point people to the test script
It is not necessary any more to go through all those steps yourself. And
some claims made are no longer true anyway. For example, we now also
support RV64I.

doc/development.md, after:

# Development notes

When contributing, please make sure to follow these rules:
 * Every commit should compile on its own and all unit tests should pass.
 * The examples should also compile for every commit.
 * Keep clippy happy.
 * Keep rustfmt happy.
 * Make sure all references inside the documentation are valid (at least when
   all features are active).
 * Warnings about unused items are explicitly allowed if those items are used in
   the near future.
 * Comments should be restricted to the first 80 characters of a line.
 * Do not depend on public re-exports from other modules (of the crate). Import
   items directly.

## Testing

Unit tests are run via `cargo test`. There are currently no integration tests,
i.e. the toplevel `tests` directory does not exist.

Aside from that, end-to-end tests may be performed using the `simple` example.
The following describes how to test against the reference flow from the
specification repository https://github.com/riscv-non-isa/riscv-trace-spec/.

We assume that the repository is already cloned and the instructions for
instruction trace testing in `referenceFlow/README` were followed. Those result
in the presence of a regression directory, e.g. `regression_20250425_190845`
containing a directory `spike` and one or more test suite specific directories
such as `itype3_basic`. Some commands below will assume that the latter
directory's path is held in the shell variable `${suite}`.

The `simple` example can be executed in reference checking mode for all tests
in a suite for which a trace exists by running a test-script from the project's
root directory:

``sh
doc/test-reference.sh ${suite}
``
